#Common HTTP Status Codes

* 404 - Not Found:  The most commonly encountered error code, meaning the requested resource wasn't found.  It is most usually the reult of typos in the URL or when the requested page has been deleted.

* 403 - Forbidden:  Means the client is not allowed to access the resource, possibly due to a wrong username or password.

* 300 - Multiple Choices:  Indicates the resource has mulitple options and can't resolve until a choice is made, such as the same page but in different languages.

* 500 - Internal Server Error:  an unknown software error occured on the server side that prevents it from fulfilling the request.

* 503 - Service Unvailable:  the server can't fullfilled the request due possible reasons such as a server crash, maintenance or overload.


#GET request vs. POST request

* GET is a sort of one-way request for data from the client to the server such as somply downloading and viewing a web page's content.  They can be stored in the browser's history and bookmarked.  It is generally used for actions that don't require a lot of security.

* POST is used when the client submits data to the server to be processed.  They are generally used for uploading user information or files as they are more secure and not logged in a browser's history.

#Cookies

* A cookie is a small file that is generated by a website visited by a browser and saved client-side.  It usually is intended to store user info such as login info and user preferences in order to expedite future visits to that website.  There are 2 types of cookie: "session" and "persistent".  Sessions are deleted when the browser is closed, and persistent ones are not (but typically have an expiration date).